Hey! People of Earth!
I'm begging you!
Please, share
your spirit energy!
[NARRATOR] Last time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku's plea was answered by
his many friends from the past.
And after Mr. Satan rallied
the rest of the world,
all of Earth's
spirit energy united
into one magnificent force.
There it is!
[NARRATOR] At last, the Super
Spirit Bomb is complete,
and the epic battle
with Majin Buu
reaches its explosive
final shot. Now.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[PICCOLO]
Gohan, can you hear me?
[GOHAN] Yeah. I'm sure you're
sensing that too, right?
That huge clash of energy
between my dad and Buu?
[PICCOLO] Yes, Goku must
have launched the bomb.
They're on
the World of the Kais.
[GOHAN]
What? But that's sacred ground.
Well, that means
we can't back him up.
At least not without Kibito
to help us get there.
[PICCOLO] For now,
let's head to the Lookout.
We should be able to sense their
energy better from up there.
[GOHAN]
Got it.
[PICCOLO] Goten, Trunks,
meet us up there, too.
And hurry!
[BOTH grunting]
[KID BUU yells]
Damn! Damn he's strong!
This isn't just my power
I'm playing with here.
It's the spirit energy
of everyone on Earth!
[grunts]
They put their trust in me,
and I can't waste that.
I have to stop Buu!
[KRILLIN]
Hm?
Piccolo!
[CHICHI]
Uh--Gohan!
[VIDEL gasps]
Gohan?
[gasps]
You big dummy,
I thought I'd lost you!
I was so worried!
[sobbing]
Hey, relax. I kind of thought
you'd be happy to see me.
You left me! Don't ever
do that again, Gohan.
My baby boy.
Hey, dial it back, Chichi.
What, are you trying to
give him a mommy complex?
[BOTH chuckle]
Awww! Trunks!
--Goten! I'm so happy!
--[GOTEN giggles]
[PICCOLO] That's troubling.
Goku's energy is getting weaker.
What are you waiting for,
Kakarot? Finish him off!
[GOKU grunting]
I can't do it!
I need more power!
Damn it. I'm just maxed out!
And we were so close, too!
So, that's the reason.
My calculations
must have been off.
We put all our efforts
into that Spirit Bomb,
but Kakarot is too
exhausted to control it.
[MR. SATAN]
Uuh?
[yells]
No! Come on!
[grunts]
[NAMEKIANS groaning]
[DENDE gasps]
This is very bad. Look.
It's possible that
Spirit Bomb thingy of his
doesn't have enough power
to get the job done.
Buu could still fight it off!
No. That can't be true!
We sent our energy--
it must be enough!
Now we learn just how
mighty you are, Buu.
No! Dig deeper, Goku.
You have to!
[OGRES groaning]
It's not just Earth
fueling that Spirit Bomb,
its Otherworld as well!
This is our last chance!
[GOKU grunting]
[yells]
[KID BUU grunting]
Hey! Do something, Dende!
You've got healing powers,
so use them!
[ELDER KAI]
Eeh?
[DENDE]
Supreme Kai. Please.
Vegeta's right, maybe I can
help Goku if you take me there.
No. I'm sorry.
I gave all the energy I could
to feed Goku's attack
and until I've had
more time to recover
-we're stuck here.
-What? Oh, no.
[DENDE] I'm sorry, Vegeta,
but it won't work--
not for a while.
It seems our energy
is exhausted, too.
Ah! Then there's
only one option left.
You! You talk to Earth!
We've got to tap into even more
energy for the Spirit Bomb!
[MR. SATAN hollers]
[VEGETA] The humans
have to make it bigger--
until Buu can't fend it off!
[KID BUU grunting]
Wait! You can't do that
Vegeta, it's too soon!
The people of Earth
have already given
as much they can.
They need to recover, too.
If you squeeze any more spirit
energy out of them, they'll die.
[WOMAN 66A, BOY 66A groan]
You just wished 'em back
to life and now you're gonna
kill 'em all over again?
--[VEGETA grunts]
--[MR. SATAN groans]
Shut your mouth! King Kai,
if we don't win against Buu now,
then they're all going
to die again anyway!
You heard me! Talk to them!
Power up that Spirit Bomb!
[babbles]
[VEGETA]
Do it! Stop wasting time!
It's not working!
I can't find the strength!
Fine, I'll do it. I'll ask 'em
to give all they got left.
No, Mr. Satan, don't do it!
If this is all a dream,
it won't matter.
[GOKU grunting]
[KID BUU grunting]
[laughing]
But it's not.
It's not a dream, is it?
What are you saying?
For all this time I've been
trying to fool myself,
'cause it seemed too weird
and awful to be true.
But deep down I knew better
and I can't do anything
that's gonna
get my people killed.
Hey! Listen good.
Survival is the only thing
that matters now--
we can still bring back
everyone who dies back to life.
We haven't even used the
Namekian Dragon's third wish,
so the wait won't even be--
[VEGETA]
That's it!
Dende, we still
have a third wish!
Oh yeah, of course!
[PORUNGA] I am tired
of waiting, young one.
If you do not
have a final wish to make,
then I will disappear
and take my rest.
No, wait! I do have a wish!
Great Porunga,
is it within your power
to restore strength to Goku,
the Saiyan who's fighting
Majin Buu right now
on the World of the Kais?
He's tired and he needs
strength to fight.
Compared to bringing back
a whole world,
that would be
child's play, Namekian.
Oh, thank goodness!
Yes! As soon as you can, please!
Puppirito paro!
Okay!
--[DENDE] Hooray!
--[KIBITO KAI] Yeah!
[DENDE, ELDER KAI, KIBITO KAI]
We did it, we did it, we did it!
[DENDE, ELDER KAI, KIBITO KAI
laugh]
I... can't... take... anymore!
[laughing]
[grunts]
[yells]
[DENDE] Goku! We used
the third wish to heal you!
You should be able to power up!
[GOKU] Yeah, I can feel it!
My strength's back!
Thanks again, Dragon Balls!
[GOKU grunting]
[yells]
[KID BUU grunting]
[DENDE chuckles]
It worked!
[ALL chuckling]
[KING KAI] Mm-hmm!
I wasn't worried at all!
All right!
[laughs]
--[ALL gasp]
--[GOHAN] My dad's energy!
Yes. It's increased
dramatically!
[BABIDI]
Aaah! It's hopeless now.
[KID BUU grunting]
[GOKU] You're an
incredible warrior, Buu.
It was you against the
universe, and you nearly won.
[GOKU] Whenever we cornered you,
you just got stronger.
You changed forms so many times,
even I'd had enough.
I hope you can come back
once more, but good.
I want to fight you again,
one-on-one.
Without all the loss.
I'll be right there waiting
for you, only stronger.
[KID BUU groans]
[GOKU grunts]
[KID BUU groaning]
Till then, Buu.
[KID BUU]
Ah!
[KID BUU groans]
--It's happening!
--Make it count!
--You got this!
--End it!
[ALL]
Get him!
[GOKU yells]
[yells]
[KID BUU screaming]
♪
[GOKU panting]
It's finally over.
[VEGETA]
Tch! You took your sweet time.
[coughs]
[GOKU chuckles]
[VEGETA chuckles]
[NARRATOR] At last,
Majin Buu has been eliminated.
His body has vanished
from the world,
and this time,
not a single cell remains.
[NAMEKIANS cheering]
-[ELDER KAI cheering]
-[KIBITO KAI] Yeah! We did it!
They really did it!
[laughing]
[ALL laughing, cheering]
[OGRES cheering]
[KING YEMMA]
Yeah!
That a boy! You did it!
You think it's real this time?
[PICCOLO]
Hmm.
I didn't know how it
would feel until now,
but Buu's energy is completely
gone from all reality.
[GOHAN laughs]
Aw, yeah!
[BOTH] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
[GOHAN]
Yeah.
You--You got 'im?
Like, he's not comin' back?
[GOKU chuckles]
I-It's over?
[chuckles]
[GOKU chuckles]
[laughing]
All right! Listen up,
Ladies and Gentlemen of Earth!
This is Mr. Satan,
your World Martial Arts Champ,
and boy have I got
some news for you!
Thanks to all your help,
the villainous
Majin Buu is no more!
So take a deep breath,
hug your neighbor,
and kiss somebody pretty!
The nightmare is over!
We're saved!
Mr. Satan saved us!
He's invincible!
Yeah! You're my hero,
man! Best there is!
Satan!
[ALL chanting]
Mister! Satan!
Mister! Satan! Mister! Satan!
Ugh! Come on, Dad!
[ALL cheering]
Yeah! I knew Goku
and Vegeta could do it!
[BULMA]
Yeah! Go Vegeta! I love you!
[ALL cheering]
[barking]
[MR. SATAN]
Yeah-ha-hah!
You're okay, little guy!
All right!
[laughing]
[GOKU chuckles]
[DENDE]
Goku! You did it!
Wow. I figured
they'd make a few dents
in this old world
but nothing like this.
Shows you what I know.
[VEGETA groans]
[GOKU] Dende, go ahead and
heal Vegeta first, would ya?
He had it a whole lot
worse than I did.
Okay!
--[DENDE chuckles]
--[VEGETA] Ooh.
--[BEE panting]
--Can you tell, buddy?
We don't have to worry
anymore--we're saved!
[barking]
[sniffs]
[MR. SATAN]
Hm? What is it, boy?
[BEE barks]
Hey. What are you up to?
[GOKU chuckles]
Thanks, Dende.
[BEE whines]
[gasps]
[BEE panting]
Uh! It's Buu!
--[VEGETA] What?!
--[ALL gasp]
[BEE whines]
[sniffs]
Guys! He's still kickin'!
You can fix him,
little man, now can't ya?
You got those green dude
healing powers--
I've seen 'em!
[DENDE gasps,
chuckles nervously]
You can't possibly be serious!
Stand aside! I'll finish
that monster off myself!
No, please!
I'm beggin' ya-- don't do it!
He's not that bad of a guy,
he's just misunderstood!
Somebody else ordered him
to do all that stuff--
he didn't know any better!
[VEGETA] I don't care!
It's what he's capable of!
We don't know how
his strange magic works--
what if he produces another one
of those demented Buus?
Well, I don't
think he'd do that!
[VEGETA] But if he does, it
could be the end of everything!
We can't risk that!
He has to die!
Don't be an idiot!
[MR. SATAN] The only reason that
bad one popped out of him
is 'cause somebody
shot his dog! He lost it!
I'm begging you, please!
I'll take responsibility!
I'll keep him safe, and out of
trouble! Just leave it to me!
Leave it to you? Is that a joke?
Allowing the fate
of the universe
to hinge on your competence?
Get back, weakling!
Or do you want to die
along with this beast?
[MR. SATAN hollers]
I'm... warning you!
[DENDE]
Huh?
[GOKU]
Dende.
It's fine,
go ahead and heal him.
What did you say?
Kakarot, have you
lost your mind?
Come on, Vegeta,
it's the right thing to do.
That version of Buu and
Mr. Satan did a good job
in this fight.
They were outmatched
but they still helped
when they could,
and without them,
we'd all be dead.
Right?
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU]
My gut says all the evil's
been pushed out of this Buu,
but if we're wrong we can
always fight him again.
We'll just have to keep
training so we can handle him,
even if it's one-on-one.
But, Goku. How could
he live on Earth
after all the damage he's done?
The people of your world
are terrified of Buu--
they'll never allow him
to live there in peace.
True. We'll have to
keep Buu a secret at first,
but if he can hide out
for six months or so
then we'll have a way
to give him a fresh start.
We'll find the Dragon Balls
and ask Shenron
to erase all
the bad memories of Buu
from everyone on Earth.
Dragon Balls. That's their
answer for everything. Hm.
Sorry, Vegeta, but that's
how it's gotta be.
[VEGETA] Fine, suit yourself.
But it's on you, Kakarot.
You guys are the best!
Thanks! You won't regret it!
Well, go on, Dende.
Yeah!
[GOKU]
Okay, guys.
Once Buu's on his feet,
let's get back to Earth.
I can't wait to put
some food in my stomach
and my head on a pillow.
[NARRATOR] And so Goku and
the others at last return home,
to an Earth that
is whole, once again.
--[GOKU] Bye!
--[DENDE] Thank you!
[ALL gasp]
[DENDE]
Hi! [laughing]
Hey!
[ALL laughing]
[NARRATOR] Earth is back,
and with it the dear friends
and family Majin Buu
had taken away.
[VIDEL laughs]
[MR. SATAN]
Aaah! Oh, Videl! You're okay!
--[MR. SATAN laughing]
--[BEE barking]
Huh?
[laughing]
--[BUU] Hmm.
--[ALL screaming]
[BUU]
Blaaaah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
[NARRATOR] Of course,
one returning warrior wasn't
quite as welcome as the rest.
[MR. SATAN chuckles nervously]
[GOKU]
Sorry I was gone for so long.
I missed you all so much.
The Elder Kai gave up
his life to bring me back,
so I'm here for good.
You mean you can stay now?
We can be together,
like a real family?
You, Gohan, and Goten
are back--there's no catch?
That's right! I can't wait
to get to Mount Paozu
and have some of your good
old home cooking, Chichi.
[CHICHI sobbing]
--[CHICHI] Goku, thank goodness!
--[GOKU] Aw, come on, Chichi.
--Why are you crying?
[CHICHI]
I--I've dreamed it, but I--
I never thought it would
actually come true!
[GOKU] Easy now, you're
getting my shirt all wet.
[NARRATOR] Life is good again,
and six months pass.
[TRUNKS, GOKU, GOTEN laughing]
[GOTEN]
Okay, my turn, my turn!
I want to try!
[ALL laughing]
[GOKU laughing]
[CHICHI humming]
I forgot how happy
things could be.
[GOKU]
Uuh.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Fu... sion. Ha!
[GOTENKS]
Hm-hm-hmm!
Let's see how you do against me!
--[GOKU] Aaah!
--[GOTENKS laughs]
[GOKU]
All right, all right.
If that's how you
wanna play, you got it!
--[GOKU yells]
--[GOTENKS yells]
[GOKU] Guess you'll have
to keep training, huh?
[chuckles]
[BUU, MR. SATAN laughing]
[CHICHI]
What's going on?
You're buck naked!
We've got company!
[NARRATOR] With the earth saved
and the dark days behind them,
Goku and the others
are thoroughly enjoying
their days of
well-deserved peace.
[CHICHI]
Goku, will you help me?
Have they no decency?
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Now that the battle
for the universe is won,
life is finally
getting back to normal.
At least as normal as we get.
Even Buu's fitting in!
[BULMA] Remember, Goku,
I've spent a lot of time
planning this party, so make
sure to be there, okay?
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Hey, where did
Dad go this time?